I've been active in social media
but just cuz it is
it'll be fun for me I have these
thoughts every day of my life
I've always had them these is
little snippets
or one one region misconduct
curiouser
and I have these thoughts and
they would I would have been in
the battery
no one would know about things
me in a Twitter comes along and
say hey
I can place the thought in a
tweet I got my
hornet you known carpet so that
it fits wrap with the five had
the thought
but I got that and I realize
people were resonating
with people liked it and they've
read measure that by
do they reach we did who've been
cared about me to you that
they're not wasting your
their friends time on what
anything I would have said but
people would reach with you
and then this was my evidence
that there was a underserved
underbelly
curiosity that perhaps
works with a missile
maybe it's there from Charlton
we're all curious
breast that flames childhood is
now just
diminish to a world
glowing ember just have to panic
and bring it back to I
I think I I can do that in a few
cases are there others where it
is completely extinguish a
little harder
after reignited but at least
there is something there
left over from childhood I find
that practically everyone has a
little
in as a curiosity about the
natural world
so I think social media can be
especially potent
as a vessel vehicle
for delivering not only
information
but stimulating people to become
curious
once again and there is Chris
Hadfield
singing a pop song in space
he's liking it we all knew the
song international your mind it
may be that
astronauts are people too he's
one of us
much the same things we like yes
on the way we have fun
maybe the future space is not
that I've just
the right stock maybe it's
anyone board